{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <p>Help make us all better by sharing what you know! While I go over Jasmine basics, answer whatever questions you want. My goal is to help draw out the wisdom and experience from the audience (which means you)! Guidelines:</p>\
* Don\'92t feel pressured to answer. Instead, feel free to use this sheet of paper to draw demeaning caricatures of the presenter or to ball up and throw at me.\
* In everything you answer, 
\b focus on how you can help someone else with your knowledge
\b0 . E.g. we don\'92t care if you use Jasmine or Mocha, but we do care 
\b why
\b0 .\
* Summarize! Try and fit everything into one tweet-length answer. If you can\'92t fit your answer in a single tweet, then ultra-summarize your answer until it does! If it\'92s complex and can\'92t be summarized, try to focus on the benefit you received, and share a link for us to learn more.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 * Tweet at me (@pseale) any links you want me to share with the group.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 * Remember our goal is to share as much of the group\'92s knowledge as possible\'97not necessarily by answering the questions below. If you have a unique perspective, by all means share it. If you would like, ignore the questions below and just ask for 5 minutes to talk. Or, feel free to ask the crowd a question.\
\
JavaScript xUnit Test Frameworks\
#1 - Do you use Jasmine or another JavaScript testing framework? If you use Jasmine and have tried other frameworks, why did you stay with Jasmine? If you left Jasmine for another framework, what is the one major reason why? If you converted a Jasmine test suite to another framework, how hard was it? How long did it take?\
\
#2 Do you use a specific assert library, and why does it matter?\
\
Unit Tests\
#3 - Do you write unit tests for front-end JavaScript (i.e. code that will run in a browser)? Do you isolate each piece (or module) of the front-end, or do you test it all integrated? If you\'92ve had success doing this, can you explain roughly what your front-end architecture looks like, and how the architecture helps (or gets in the way)? I.e. you can just say \'93we use Ember\'94, or \'93we use the Flux architecture from React/Facebook.\'94 Or \'93our app is 5000 lines of jQuery in one method, and every day I cry myself to sleep.\'94\
\
#4 - Do you run server-size JavaScript on Node.js and successfully unit test it (with fast tests)? Do you try to isolate every module, or only isolate the boundaries? If you\'92ve tried testing your Node.js code and failed (and are willing to admit it), can you share what you learned from the experience?\
\
#5 - Is there a unit testing technique or some learning resource that personally helped you learn unit testing? E.g. an open source project\'92s test suite; a book; a conference video; a kata; a green armband; ceremonial burning of green armbands; etc.\
\
Integration Tests\
#6 - Does anyone run integration tests on their Node.js apps without using HTTP? If you have any experience with this, please share any lessons learned. Are your tests easier to write, or significantly faster, or less brittle? And, why?\
\
#7 - If you test your APIs via HTTP client libraries, what are techniques you use to ensure you cover every aspect (security, bad data, junk data)? E.g. \'93we have shared \'91it\'92 blocks\'94 or \'93we wrote a giant library of test helpers\'94. What is the most painful thing about testing via raw HTTP/REST client libraries? Do you have similar tests in your browser test suite?\
\
Browser (end-to-end) Tests\
#8 - Share any experience you have with browser testing, including:\
* Attempting to set up browser tests, then running into a serious issue, then giving up - if you\'92re brave, we\'92d like to hear what step caused you to give up.\
* What tool you use, and why it is good for you?\
* If you don\'92t do browser tests and are unashamed, what mix of tests (or whatever it is) works for you?\
* What unexpected benefit did you get from browser tests (e.g. doing performance testing, updating JavaScript libraries safely, safely making major architectural changes)?\
* Do you have any browser testing war stories? What is the ugliest code you have written (either test or production code) to make a test work?\
* What gives you the most problems attempting to set up browser tests? Or better, what did you discover that solved one of these difficult browser test problems?\
\
#9 Do you \'93cuke it\'94? I.e. do you use a tool that uses the Cucumber/gherkin syntax? Do non-developers read the cucumber output? Do your tests feel constrained by the cucumber syntax? What are the unexpected benefits you\'92ve experienced? If you could start over today, would you stay with Cucumber/gherkin or would you abandon it, and why?\
\
Tools, Products, Services\
#10 - If you work on a team, do you use a Continuous Integration server? If so, which one? What is the main benefit of running a CI server for your team? How much time do you spend maintaining builds? Do you utilize fun gimmicks when a build turns red? How do you get notifications that builds fail (e.g. through an IM, through a tray app, or just email), and what notification works best for you?\
\
#11 - What are any PAID ($$$) products or services you use to help you? Please give an experience report, good or bad. (Editor\'92s note: I want to go out of my way to emphasize the non-free products because by nature, fewer people use them, and so experience reports for paid products are rare and valuable) E.g. Saucelabs, CircleCI, WebStorm\
\
Overall\
#12 - If you had one tip to give to novice testers, what would it be? If you had one tip to give to fellow grizzled test veterans, what would it be? If you\'92re a Rails developer and test your JavaScript, what tip do you have for other Rails developers? As far as your JavaScript goes, are you still on the Rails?}